[Feature][Jdbc] Add String type column split Support by charset-based splitting algorithm (#9002)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/connector-v2/source/Jdbc.md

| common-options                             |         | No       | -               | Source plugin common parameters, please refer to [Source Common Options](../source-common-options.md) for details.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | string_split_mode                          | String  | No       | -               | When set to "charsetBased", enables charset-based string splitting algorithm. The algorithm assumes characters of partition_column are within ASCII range 32-126, which covers most character-based splitting scenarios.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: 1. which ones value I can set? 
2. which database supported this feature? Dose all?

Author: 1. The specific values for collate depend on the database support. For example, MySQL supports utf8_general_ci, utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci, etc.; PostgreSQL supports en_US.UTF-8 and fr_FR.UTF-8, etc.; SQL Server supports Latin1_General_BIN, etc.; Oracle supports SPANISH, BINARY_CI, etc.

2. I have tested all the databases mentioned above, and they all work well. It's fair to say that most data sources support collation. If necessary, I will test more data sources.

Author: > 1. which ones value I can set?
> 2. which database supported this feature? Dose all?

@Hisoka-X  This feature provides two parameters:
1. string_split_mode=charset_based
2. string_split_mode_collate=xxx

The string_split_mode=charset_based is supported by all databases, while string_split_mode_collate only needs to be specified when a collation different from the database default is explicitly required. The specific values for string_split_mode_collate depend on the database being used:
- MySQL supports: utf8_general_ci, utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci, etc.
- PostgreSQL supports: en_US.UTF-8, fr_FR.UTF-8, etc.
- SQL Server supports: Latin1_General_BIN, etc.
- Oracle supports: SPANISH, BINARY_CI, etc.

I have tested that MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, GreenPlum, SQL Server, ClickHouse, Vertica, and TDSQL all support specifying collations, so most databases should support collation config. In most cases, only setting string_split_mode=charset_based is sufficient, as users rarely need to specify a collation different from the database default.

> | string_split_mode                          | String  | No       | -               | When set to "charset_based", enables charset-based string splitting algorithm. The algorithm assumes characters of partition_column are within ASCII range 32-126, which covers most character-based splitting scenarios.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
> | string_split_mode_collate                  | String  | No       | -               | Specifies the collation to use when string_split_mode is set to "charset_based" and the table has a special collation. If not specified, the database's default collation will be used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Oh, it dawned on me that it might be better to add the split prefix, just like the other sharding parameters.
```suggestion
| split.string_split_mode                          | String  | No       | sample               | Supports different string splitting algorithms. By default, `sample` is used to determine the split by sampling the string value. You can switch to `charset_based` to enable charset-based string splitting algorithm. When set to `charset_based`, the algorithm assumes characters of partition_column are within ASCII range 32-126, which covers most character-based splitting scenarios.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| split.string_split_mode_collate                  | String  | No       | -               | Specifies the collation to use when string_split_mode is set to `charset_based` and the table has a special collation. If not specified, the database's default collation will be used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

Author: you are right, fix done
